Add Jumble project page (#764)
OpenSats/website: data/projects/jumble.mdx

---
title: 'Jumble'
dateAdded: '2025-07-01'
summary: 'A browser-based nostr client for relay discovery, relay reviews, safer signing, and targeted publishing.'
nym: 'Cody Tseng'
website: 'https://jumble.social/'
donationLink: 'https://geyser.fund/project/jumble'
coverImage: '/static/images/projects/jumble.svg'
darkCoverImage: '/static/images/projects/jumble-dark.svg'
git: 'https://github.com/CodyTseng/jumble'
tags: ['Nostr', 'Web', 'PWA']
showcase: true
fund: nostr
announcementLink: '/blog/twelfth-wave-of-nostr-grants#jumble'
---

Jumble is a browser-based [nostr](/topics/nostr) client built by Cody Tseng. It focuses on relays: browsing relay feeds directly, managing relay sets, and helping users understand where notes are stored and propagated. The app runs as a Progressive Web App at [jumble.social](https://jumble.social/), and recent work also added a desktop build for people who want more websocket capacity and OS-level secret storage.

> The relay discovery layer is what makes Jumble stand out. The client added relay reviews and featured relays in its Explore view so users can compare operators by reliability, responsiveness, or specialization instead of guessing from scattered community lists. It also supports [NIP-46](https://github.com/nostr-protocol/nips/blob/master/46.md) remote signing, which lets users pair Jumble with external signers instead of pasting private keys into the browser, plus outbox-aware publishing and republishing controls for sending notes to specific relays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The relay discovery layer is what makes Jumble stand out. The client added relay reviews and featured relays in its Explore view so users can compare operators by reliability, responsiveness, or specialization instead of guessing from scattered community lists. It also supports [NIP-46 remote signing](/topics/remote-signing), which lets users pair Jumble with external signers instead of pasting private keys into the browser, plus outbox-aware publishing and republishing controls for sending notes to specific relays.
```

Changed with internal link
